# 

Burn her!

How do you know she is a witch? Ah, now we see the violence inherent in the system! Why do you think that she is a witch? I am your king.

Oh! Come and see the violence inherent in the system! Help, help, I'm being repressed! He hasn't got shit all over him. It's only a model. Why? Well, she turned me into a newt. The Lady of the Lake, her arm clad in the purest shimmering samite, held aloft Excalibur from the bosom of the water, signifying by divine providence that I, Arthur, was to carry Excalibur. That is why I am your king.
I don't want to talk to you no more, you empty-headed animal food trough water! I fart in your general direction! Your mother was a hamster and your father smelt of elderberries! Now leave before I am forced to taunt you a second time!

…Are you suggesting that coconuts migrate? Shh! Knights, I bid you welcome to your new home. Let us ride to Camelot! What a strange person. No, no, no! Yes, yes. A bit. But she's got a wart.

Well, I didn't vote for you. She looks like one. It's only a model. Well, what do you want? Camelot!
Bloody Peasant!

It's only a model. Why do you think that she is a witch? A newt? Found them? In Mercia?! The coconut's tropical! Well, I got better.

Why? Well, Mercia's a temperate zone! Camelot! And the hat. She's a witch!

Well, I didn't vote for you. Bloody Peasant! I have to push the pram a lot. Look, my liege! On second thoughts, let's not go there. It is a silly place. It's only a model.

You don't vote for kings. The nose? I dunno. Must be a king. Burn her anyway! It's only a model.

Shut up! Will you shut up?! And this isn't my nose. This is a false one. Knights of Ni, we are but simple travelers who seek the enchanter who lives beyond these woods. A newt?

Be quiet! We want a shrubbery!! What do you mean? Bring her forward!

Bring her forward! Shut up! Will you shut up?! No, no, no! Yes, yes. A bit. But she's got a wart. What a strange person. Oh! Come and see the violence inherent in the system! Help, help, I'm being repressed!

She looks like one. Well, I got better. Burn her anyway! Shh! Knights, I bid you welcome to your new home. Let us ride to Camelot!

Why? The Lady of the Lake, her arm clad in the purest shimmering samite, held aloft Excalibur from the bosom of the water, signifying by divine providence that I, Arthur, was to carry Excalibur. That is why I am your king.

And the hat. She's a witch! Well, I got better. Oh! Come and see the violence inherent in the system! Help, help, I'm being repressed! Well, how'd you become king, then?

Well, I didn't vote for you. Well, I didn't vote for you. A newt? We found them. Shh! Knights, I bid you welcome to your new home. Let us ride to Camelot!

Now, look here, my good man. And the hat. She's a witch! Look, my liege! Found them? In Mercia?! The coconut's tropical! Well, what do you want?

It's only a model. I don't want to talk to you no more, you empty-headed animal food trough water! I fart in your general direction! Your mother was a hamster and your father smelt of elderberries! Now leave before I am forced to taunt you a second time!

