# 

Why do you think that she is a witch?

再re you suggesting that coconuts migrate? Shut up! Will you shut up?! The nose? It's only a model.

Bring her forward! A newt? The Knights Who Say Ni demand a sacrifice! She looks like one. Knights of Ni, we are but simple travelers who seek the enchanter who lives beyond these woods.
On second thoughts, let's not go there. It is a silly place.

Shut up! Will you shut up?! You don't vote for kings. How do you know she is a witch? The nose?

Bloody Peasant! 再re you suggesting that coconuts migrate? We shall say 'Ni' again to you, if you do not appease us. Oh! Come and see the violence inherent in the system! Help, help, I'm being repressed!
Bring her forward!

Knights of Ni, we are but simple travelers who seek the enchanter who lives beyond these woods. We want a shrubbery!! Listen. Strange women lying in ponds distributing swords is no basis for a system of government. Supreme executive power derives from a mandate from the masses, not from some farcical aquatic ceremony.

I don't want to talk to you no more, you empty-headed animal food trough water! I fart in your general direction! Your mother was a hamster and your father smelt of elderberries! Now leave before I am forced to taunt you a second time! The swallow may fly south with the sun, and the house martin or the plover may seek warmer climes in winter, yet these are not strangers to our land.

Shut up! I'm not a witch. You don't vote for kings. Well, we did do the nose. I dunno. Must be a king. Well, what do you want?

Bring her forward! Well, we did do the nose. A newt? Burn her anyway! Why do you think that she is a witch?

Well, I got better. Shut up! Will you shut up?! Be quiet! He hasn't got shit all over him. Why? Well, what do you want?

We found them. Who's that then? Bring her forward! Listen. Strange women lying in ponds distributing swords is no basis for a system of government. Supreme executive power derives from a mandate from the masses, not from some farcical aquatic ceremony.

Burn her anyway! Why? The Knights Who Say Ni demand a sacrifice! What a strange person. The swallow may fly south with the sun, and the house martin or the plover may seek warmer climes in winter, yet these are not strangers to our land.

Why? 再re you suggesting that coconuts migrate? Look, my liege! We shall say 'Ni' again to you, if you do not appease us.

I don't want to talk to you no more, you empty-headed animal food trough water! I fart in your general direction! Your mother was a hamster and your father smelt of elderberries! Now leave before I am forced to taunt you a second time! 再re you suggesting that coconuts migrate?

Who's that then? Well, how'd you become king, then? And the hat. She's a witch! Bring her forward!

Well, she turned me into a newt. Ah, now we see the violence inherent in the system! The swallow may fly south with the sun, and the house martin or the plover may seek warmer climes in winter, yet these are not strangers to our land.

Who's that then? Who's that then? Camelot! I don't want to talk to you no more, you empty-headed animal food trough water! I fart in your general direction! Your mother was a hamster and your father smelt of elderberries! Now leave before I am forced to taunt you a second time!

The swallow may fly south with the sun, and the house martin or the plover may seek warmer climes in winter, yet these are not strangers to our land. Well, I didn't vote for you. Burn her! Well, we did do the nose.

